---
title: After Everything Ended
date: 2023-09-24 21:40 +0800
---

First blog on new laptop. No Chinese input method installed, and don't bother to install one.

<!-- more -->

Try to write on the positive aspect. Anyway, everything has ended.
The meaning of reasoning about them has been fading. So, things ahead instead.

To finish the book DDIA. Reading a cookbook has been a little bit tiring.
It feels more like an index of papers instead of a book.
But it's also good for that because I should read more (if just some) papers nevertheless.
It has been my cooldown strategy to read. No difference this time.

Continue working on the puzzles of LF.
Previously when I was working on it, I have tried to make it until the end, but was short of time.
Now I have time. Much of it.

Continue working on the C++ rewriting of my first publication, a modular network compiler.
It feels not right that some past works are not being rewritten yet if they can really benefit from it.
And it was also unfinished because of time exhausted.
Actually I'm so glad I feel like going back to these projects after everything ended.
Rarely happened to me before.

Continue working on the rewriting of my latest publication, a network-accerlarated replication protocol.
It somewhat has a deadline. If I plan to pass the actifact evaluation with this new rewriting, then I need to finish it before the artifact evaluation happens.
Let's see whether like that or I decide to continue on fixing the old implementation.

One sidequest of this project is to integrate the new implementation into the `neatworks` project, which aims to be the collective codebase of all my research works.
It still requires some thoughts on whether it is wise to do such unification on my diverging works.
It's better to figure that out sooner.

I have also promised to deliver much stuff upon the `neatworks` framework.
Wish I can work it out.

For example, one thing to build, for both researching and internship, is a real distributed hash table implementation, or at least its routing function.
I think it's probably not a good idea to build it upon HTTP as what I did for this submission (which may not be a good idea either).
And since I'm going to write it in lower level, creating some facilities should be helpful.

I have been thinking of build a latex-based blogging application today, probably a static site generator.
During generation, it should first compile latex sources into PDF, then convert to SVG, and embed them into web pages.
I'm not even sure whether myself will use the application if I write it out.
Just among all the attempts to find out something never been written out before, this looks promising.

I have also been thinking of the ongoing design of my scripting language.
The ongoing effort has been a long term (over 4 years?) but was kicked out of my head in recent days.
The latest thought is that perhaps I should give it a quick start, give up designing type system, dynamical dispatching, and even the whole performance optimization stuff.
Just implement runtime lifetime manangement (aka garbage collection) and runtime mutability (exclusiveness) checking.
And the basic functionality of being asynchronous.
This really could be the best chance to make it happen ever since I left the Shattuck avenue.
Unfoutunately, it is also the best chance for many other projects.

----

Seems like none of the grammar checker works in web-based VSCode.
I will just post this full-of-error text, and it seems like time to start working on my latex blogging application.